DAN: Marucho, Drago and I
were on a mission to save New Vestroia.
So we joined up with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance.
Mira... Ace... And Baron.
Now we can battle the Vexos and free the Bakugan!
Every battle makes us stronger and brings us
closer to our goal.
Now we just have to smash all three Dimension
Controllers to free the Bakugan!
How hard can that be?
We're ready to roll...
Bakugan Brawl!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[wild cheering]
Welcome Brawlers, to today's Bakugan Battle Tournament.
We're counting down the seconds to the first throw.
Who's ready to beat the heat and who will be smacked down
in cold defeat?
Go, Pyrus Verias!
[battle attack yell]
Ability Activate!
Perion Siva!
Extinguish flames!
Ability Activate, Darkus Driver!
Bakugan Brawl!
Subterra Fly Beetle Stand!
Ability Activate.
Wind Power!
Soaring Strike Shot!
Hey... No fair!
ANNOUNCER: Oooh, burnnnnn!
But that's the way the Bakugan rolls.
These mysterious, masked players pack a serious punch...
They're the team on everyone's lips...
the Bakugan Brawlers!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"What's The Plan?\"
[ecstatic cheering]
The Bakugan Brawlers?
I've never heard of them.
Yeah, but they sure know how to brawl.
They'll never beat the Vexos, though.
[wincing pain] This is killin' me...
I should be out there battling...
I can't even bear to watch this.
Stay focused Dan.
You're important to the plan.
Why do they get all the fun?
Uh, Master Dan?
Look.
Unbelievable.
The Dimension Controller...
The key...
to our mission.
SHUN: I stole these diagrams the last time I snuck
into the city.
According to this, the power generated from the Bakugan
Battles is absorbed inside the arena then transmitted
to the outside world through the Controller.
So... what's the point of that?
There's an awful lot of power generated
by Bakugan battles.
And if that power isn't released,
the Controller would get overloaded.
So if the Bakugan battles still feed power
into the Controller...
Exactly...
And if we can block the transmission...
right here...
the power will back up, building and building...
Until the pressure becomes too much...
Then the Controller will implode.
Then we must take advantage of the upcoming tournaments.
Really?... That's now!
ANNOUNCER: The Battle of the Bakugan is about to begin!
Will all competitors please register.
Don't miss your chance to brawl with the best!
Okay, everyone, we need to move fast...
We'll have to break up into two teams...
Two people will battle together in the tournament.
And the rest of us...
will sneak inside and find the Controller.
I call the battle...
Drago and I will fight for the Resistance.
No fair! I want to fight!
You always get the battles, Master Dan.
[cross-talk, arguing]
That is enough!
Be quiet!
We'll draw numbers to decide.
[Dan yells]
You're right...
I lost the draw...
But those two are one odd match up.
I agree.
Ability Activate!
Darkus Driver!
That's it...
Now I'll block you with Darkus Anti-ability.
Continuos Dance, Phoenix Position!
As you wish.
[pain reax]
No!
Percival!
What are you butting into my fight for?
You needed my help whether you'll admit it or not.
Back off!
Bakugan Brawl!
Pyrus Jelldan
Stand!
[battle roar]
Bakugan Brawl!
Subterra Rafresian...
Stand!
[battle roar]
Gooooo!
Ability Activate!
Tri Gunner!
[battle roar]
Ability Activate!
Wind Power, Soaring Strike Shot!
[anguished disappointment reax]
Once again the battle goes to the Bakugan Brawlers!
I could have finished them off faster,
if you'd stayed out of my way...
Get the hint?
I saved your Bakugan and you know it.
What? !
Those two guys...
they're making me nervous.
Shun and Ace are like...
fire and ice, you know?
Their fighting styles are different.
[screams] This is driving me completely crazy!
Let me trade places with them...
They can destroy the Controller...
Let me go! Get a grip, Master Dan.
You're letting everyone know our plan!
Good. Marucho is up next.
ANNOUNCER: Moving on to the singles division,
let's welcome another newcomer
to the Tournament...
the Masked Brawler!
Remember, Marucho, open with the new Bakugan.
You think so?
But I haven't even tried it yet...
What happens if I make a mistake and win?
Don't you worry.
It's foolproof.
I'm glad you're my partner, Elfin.
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Darkus Goblinball!
[roaring]
I'm counting on you...
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Aquos Wantu!
Weeeeee!
[various childish martial arts calls]
ANNOUNCER: This tournament has taken a turn
for the terminally adorable!
[whimpering]
ANNOUNCER: Whoah!
Goblin is moved to tears!
He can't bring himself to attack.
And who can blame hiiim?
That Wantu is so cute!
I bet that Goblin just wants to pick him up
and give him a big hug!
[sound of crying/ turns to evil laugh]
See?
Everything is going according to plan.
You're right...
Ability Activate!
Rapid Balloon!
Weeeeeeee!
[laughing]
Whoa!
That is one big baby!
Now there's just more of him to love!
Okay, Wantu, time to do your stuff!
WHOA!
[screaming]
[pathetic mewling reax]
[disbelief reax] Unfortunately,
the Masked Brawler is disqualified for losing
control of his Bakugan.
[horrified scream reax]
That's gotta hurt.
You can say that again.
MARUCHO: I have totally embarrassed myself...
for a noble cause.
Wow, you lost without even getting a chance to fight.
That's a first.
Thank you, Elfin.
Now it's time for step two.
Mister! Mister! Come quick!
I just saw someone really suspicious back there.
I think it was a member of the Bakugan
Battle Brawlers Resistance.
Thanks kid!
[sigh of relief]
[beeping]
Coast is clear, everybody.
Thanks, good work Marucho.
That was an amazing performance
in the arena earlier, Marucho...
Thanks for getting us inside, Baron.
I definitely owe you for that one.
I hacked into their systems and downloaded the floor plans.
[frustration reax] Oops.
We must stay focused.
[crowd cheering]
Let's get going.
Don't worry, Brawlers.
It's in the bag.
Just in time.
Now get set for some serious brawling!
ANNOUNCER: We've got special superstars
in our audience today!
Spectra and his mighty Vexos have arrived!
The merciless Mylene!
The savage Shadow!
The relentless Gus!
And the supreme Spectra!
[cheering]
[grunt] What's so great about Vexos?
We'll show this crowd who's best.
Forget about them.
It's a waste of time.
Just stick to the plan.
[annoyed grunt] Shun thinks he's so cool.
DRAGO: There are more guards than we expected.
Whenever the Vexos show up security is super tight.
Should we turn back?
No, we can't stop now.
This is our chance....
Hey! What are you doing here?
How did you get in here?
Authorized personal... only
Show us your ID cards.
We... lost our ID cards.
We left them in our other pants.
[growling]
[giggle/squeal] Oh please tell
the Vexos their number one fans are here!
Ohmygosh you guys!
They're really here, aren't they!
Can you get us an autograph?
Or maybe they'll sign my jacket!
The Vexos totally rock!
Just a bunch of fans.
They should just get a life.
[sigh of relief]...
Wow...
That was quick thinking Mira.
You're such a fangirl...
Vexos totally rock!
Very funny.
[laughs]
[sneering laugh]
Did you see the fans go crazy when they introduced me?
Hah!
Whatever.
We can leave the challengers to Lync and Volt.
I'm going back to Beta City.
Maybe I'll keep you company... Huh?...Huh?
Hmmm? Hmmm? Hmmm?
The Vexos.
Stay cool, Dan.
Do you have anything to report?
Nothing unusual...
A few of your fans snuck backstage though.
Really... what fans?
Should I check on it?
Don't bother...
It's nothing...
You corner your opponent but for some
reason you lose focus on the final attack.
THINKING: That's exactly what Keith does!
So Spectra's here?
I can't pass up that opportunity.
I'm going to challenge him!
[worried reax]
Way... to... go... Dan!
Keep it together!
If we get caught now, it's over!
And I for one do not want to get caught.
Okay, I'm sorry!
It appears some mice have snuck into the arena.
Who cares about mice?
This arena and city are your problem...
It's time to clean house.
Mouse problem?
What's he talking about?
How should I know?
The Tag Team event has reached the semi-finals!
This match will decide who will face off against Master
Brawlers Lync and Volt in the final round!
Can the Dark Angels team of Annie and Vanessa cruise to
victory over the upstart Bakugan Brawlers?
Well, duuuh.
Of course we will.
Like taking candy from a baby!
Some free advice...
If you want to win stay out of my way.
Not my style...
You'd know that if you paid more attention.
Are all you humans this annoying or did you take
special charm lessons?
If you'd stop talking and start Brawling this would
all be over by now.
[cheering]
Let the Battle begin!
Gate Card... Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Haos Anchorsaur!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Haos Hammersaur!
Gate Card Open...
Haos Reactor!
GAUNTLET: Hammersaur and Anchorsaur,
Power Level increase, 100 each.
Bakugan Brawl!
Stand Darkus Percival!
Stand, Ventus Ingram!
[confident battle yell]
Our thunderous semi-final match up...
is off to a roaring start!
Hiya!
[GROWL]
What are you looking at?
Percival!
I'll take care of them!
Ingram!
BOTH: Sis-tahs!
Let's see how you feel...
after this...
Ability Activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Darkus Driver!
Ability Activate!
Wind Power, Soaring Strike!
BOTH: Ability Activate.
Spark Protection!
And Mirror Ghost!
[attack cry]
[laugh reax]
How could I miss?
I never miss!
Look out!
Our life points! No!
Oh great... Way to go.
Right. Who's side are you on, anyway?
You blame me?!
ANNOUNCER: What a combination!
Spark Protection reflected the opponent's ability
and Mirror Ghost made Hammersaur untouchable!
Those abilities are unique to each Bakugan.
A flawless display of skill and power from the Dark
Angels as they drive to victory!
BOTH: All right!
DAN: I hope that's good cheering.
Look.
Huh...
I'd say it's bad cheering.
What are those guys doing out there?
[worried reax]
Stop stalling and start brawling.
Just give up...
You guys are over.
But don't feel bad...
You fashion rejects aren't worthy of fighting the Vexos.
[laugh] Once we win, we'll become the newest
Vexos members.
Then we'll become the newest superstars of New Vestroia!
Got it all planned out, huh?
It's a little early for a victory parade...
'Cause you're about to lose.
I hear a bug buzzing...
Let's squash it...
SHUN: I don't think so, ladies.
We're not here to play games with wannabe Bakugan Stars.
We've got a job to do.
We hate to burst your bubble...
But the winners...
BOTH: ...are us!
We finally agree on something.
[agreement grunt]
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Ingram!
They're asking for it!
They sure are!
Bakugan Brawl!
[threatening roar]
I'll create a distraction...
Then you can take them down, okay?
You mean we have an actual plan this time?
Okay.
[amused reax]
Bakugan Brawl!
Percival Stand!
Ability Activate!
Power Eraser!
[pain reax] I can't move!
Neither can I!
Power Eraser reduces the opponent's Power Level
by 300!
It's another one of Anchorsaur's unique...
abilities
Bakugan with a power level of less than 300
are completely incapacitated.
You can give up any time now.
[struggling/pain reax]
As if...
Gate Card... Open!
Ventus Reactor!
SHUN: That will raise the Power Level...
and now.. Ability Activate, Shadow Echo!
Where'd he go?
He just disappeared.
MARUCHO: Shadow Echo reduces an opponent's Power Level
by 200 apiece!
It's a special ability only Ingram can use.
This match isn't over yet!
Gotcha!
Hey!
Anchorsaur!
Wake up and pay attention!
Ability Activate!
Flash Bow!
BOTH: Hammersaur!
ANNOUNCER: Oh yeah!
Flash Bow takes out Hammersaur's Power Eraser.
Percival is free!
The Dark Angels are beating themselves!
What's with you, Vanessa!
Be quiet!
[smug laugh]... We've got them now...
Ability Activate!
Tri Gunner!
With Power Level this high...
...I'm taking your Anchorsaur!
What?
No way!
Anchorsaur goes down hard!
Leaving Annie's Life Gauge at zero
and the Battle Brawlers claiming Anchorsaur!
Man! He disappeared again!
[wary, angry grumble]
He's there... In the shadow!
Pound him!
You underestimated us.
You haven't won yet!
Come on out, Ingram!
Ability Activate!
Continuous Dance, Phoenix Position!
Look at him go.
I've never seen Points drop so fast!
No fair! Two against one!
ANNOUNCER: The Battle Brawlers take Hammersaur too!
[tantrum like cry]
ANNOUNCER: Vanessa's lost it!
The Dark Angels are gone, gone, gone!
The Battle Brawlers come from behind to win the round!
They will now face the Vexos Tag Team champs,
Lync and Volt in the finals!
Yeah!
You're so much like Dan, it's hilarious.
[consider reax] What do you mean?
You think I'm a dimwit?
Maybe.
[amused reax]
You think you're so cool.
I knew they could do it!
And now it's our turn....
Right!
[happy laughter]
I think we've found Spectra's pesky mice.
Those Battle Brawlers guys?
They don't look so tough.
[laughter]
Don't you mean...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance?
Hey Brawlers.
Shun here.
Our plan to get to the finals of the tournament
worked perfectly!
But now we have to face two of the Vexos' top Brawlers,
Lync and Volt.
We'll have to toy with them for a while to give Dan and
the others time to sneak past security.
But the Dimension Controller is better guarded
than we thought.
I'm counting on Dan to find a way through.
Bakugan Brawl!
You definitely don't want to miss this!
No way.